the world of drag cranes from
light load will never be the
A designed vehicle has been born
made by jordan the company with the
vision the dexterity and the plant
necessary to start a
revolution
presentation of the towing crane ml
40 Ivy
the m-40 is the perfect tool for
trailer to reign on the asphalt
has a wide range of features that
make it ideal for any operation
light load
we go first with the visibility the
view from the cabin on the head
it's fantastic is a fabulous hole
between the pen and the body to see with
accuracy how is moving the
Telescopic fork thus wins time in
each maneuver and minimizes possible damage
to the fork and the vehicle has assisted
jordan has endowed the ml 40 of one of
the lower profile forks of the
market with the pen in its position
natural has about 11.5 centimeters
of profile for the head so you can
get into the lows of any
luxury car or sports car without risk
of damaging your bumpers or protections
also the mp l 40 has a function of
negative tilt for vehicles in
pending maybe one of the aspects
most extraordinary of the mp l 40 be the
versatility of your lift ride with
multitude of possible configurations
a mechanism of 90 degrees that allows
take cars out of positions that up
now they were considered impossible
he also has manual arms on him and
a rescue pen with eight tons
of capacity which allows it to effect
more rescues in multiple circumstances
and gives it a comparative advantage
The ml series incorporates as a new option
a transport system for mopeds
that allows a single operator to load and
transport mopeds safely
Its lightness adaptability and ease of
hooking make this system a trait
from which your cranes lose series ml no
they can do without
cylinders are anderlecht
protected to prevent wear
abuse and prolong the longevity
cylinders form a whole with the
anderlecht so they are safe from
the area of ​​work and friction with the
chassis and you enjoy more visibility
about the under live and the pen
the under leaf also has a mechanism
Adjustable auto friction-centered
that is interesting as the
enter under the vehicle
at the 40 yard the details mark the
difference
the dry joints of the axles
they will save maintenance costs
throughout the life of the machine
thanks to its design the anderlecht
maintains an ideal distance from
floor so as not to damage the
towed vehicle especially the crankcase
of oil and in the large boxes of
Side tools fit well all
his utensils the engineers of jordan
they have also endowed the mp l 40 with a
series of security functions
the retention wheel of the arms
has block link an auto mechanism
automatic centering blocker
attack and that holds the arms of
under lead in the pneumatic position
required to prevent a decoupling in
case of hydraulic failure is required
hydraulic power to power the
mechanism and release the tires
jordan has thought about every detail the
body to be reinforced aluminum is
lighter reduces the wear of the
housing that you choose and revokes more weight with
the crane itself is more resistant to
the corrosion that the steel part
lower body is protected from
elements and the asphalt with slopes
integrated we have thought up the
location of the wing whose position is
lower than the pen but not the
of the body so that the cable remains
tense and firm even when the pen is
find in movement
all body parts and pen
have been painted separately before your
assembly so all surfaces
they are safe from the elements last longer
the body and its good appearance is preserved
This modular design also has
The advantage of providing spare parts
extractions and substitutions saves
time and long maintenance costs
most important deadline still saves you
inactive time everything we have
incorporated into ml 40 is to save you
time in each maneuver and that renews the
work is designed so that up
a novice can handle it
quick and simple does much more than
that could never be expected from a crane
drag
reign over the assault with the mp l 40 of
iata